<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"
     xmlns:eac-cpf="urn:isbn:1-931666-33-4"
     xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xlink"
     xmlns:eg="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/Examples"
     xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude">
   <teiHeader>
      <fileDesc>
         <titleStmt>
            <title>Encoded Archival Context—Corporate Bodies, Persons, and Families
               (EAC-CPF)</title>
            <title>Tag Library</title>
            <respStmt>
               <resp>Prepared and maintained by the </resp>
               <name>Technical Subcommittee for Encoded Archival Context of the Society of American
                  Archivists and the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin</name>
            </respStmt>
         </titleStmt>
         <editionStmt>
            <p>2014 Edition</p>
         </editionStmt>
         <publicationStmt>
            <publisher>Society of American Archivists in collaboration with
               Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin.</publisher>
            <address>
               <addrLine>Society of American Archivists</addrLine>
               <addrLine>17 North State Street, suite 1425</addrLine>
               <addrLine>Chicago, IL 60602-3315</addrLine>
               <addrLine>USA</addrLine>
               <addrLine>312-606-0722</addrLine>
               <addrLine>Fax: 312-606-0728</addrLine>
               <addrLine>info@archivists.org</addrLine>
               <addrLine>www.archivists.org</addrLine>
            </address>
            <date/>
            <idno>ISBN Number</idno>
            <availability>
               <licence>This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
                  License (CC BY 4.0). See <ref>http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/</ref>. Some rights reserved. No
                  part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or
                  transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical or photocopying,
                  recording, or otherwise without attribution.</licence>
            </availability>
         </publicationStmt>
         <sourceDesc>
            <p>Born digital.</p>
         </sourceDesc>
      </fileDesc>
   </teiHeader>
   <text>
      <front>
         <titlePage>
            <docTitle>
               <titlePart>Encoded Archival Context—Corporate Bodies, Persons, and
                  Families (EAC-CPF) Tag Library</titlePart>
            </docTitle>
            <docEdition>Edition 2014</docEdition>
            <byline>Prepared and maintained by the</byline>
            <docAuthor>Technical Subcommittee for Encoded Archival Context of the Society of
               American Archivists</docAuthor>
            <docAuthor>and the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin</docAuthor>
            <docImprint>
               <docDate>15 March 2012</docDate>
            </docImprint>
         </titlePage>
         <div>
            <div>
               <head>Dedication</head>
               <p>The Encoded Archival Context Working Group dedicates the 2010 EAC-CPF Schema and
                  Tag Library to the memory of Per-Gunnar Ottosson. P-G, as he was known to his many
                  friends around the world, played a key role in the development of many
                  international archival standards. He played a critical role in the early
                  development of EAC, but illness and his death in 2008 prevented him from seeing
                  the EAC-CPF work completed. He will be remembered for his keen intelligence,
                  collaborative skills, and wonderful wit. Above all, he will be fondly remembered
                  as a friend. </p>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>Release and Revision Notes</head>
               <p>This is the final release of the Tag Library for EAC-CPF 2010. The previous
                  release, published in 2010, had the status of draft. The current release
                  represents a thorough revision undertaken by the Technical Subcommittee on Encoded
                  Archival Context reflecting comments received by the international community of
                  professionals.</p>
               <p>The EAC-CPF Tag Library is a living document. As such, it will continue to be
                  developed as users suggest areas in need of clarification or expansion. The
                  Technical Subcommittee for Encoded Archival Context (TS-EAC encourages
                  implementers to provide any queries, comments, and suggestions regarding the tag
                  library and its content. In addition, the contribution of examples is highly
                  encouraged. Questions, comments or examples may be directed to the EAC-CPF Tag
                  Library Editor and co-Chair of the TS-EAC, Katherine M. Wisser (<ref>wisser [at] simmons.edu</ref>). The
                  underlying encoding of the Tag Library is based on TEI P5 and is designed to
                  facilitate incorporating documentation into the schema to provide guidance in XML
                  editors. While the initial release of the Tag Library is in English, the
                  underlying encoding is designed to facilitate providing the Tag Library in
                  additional languages at later dates.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>Background</head>
               <p>EAC began with a 1998 effort by Richard Szary, Wendy Duff, and Daniel Pitti to
                  envision a standard for encoding and exchanging authoritative information about
                  the context of archival materials. This standard would provide a communication
                  standard for the exchange of authority records based on the International Standard
                  for Archival Authority Records—Corporate Bodies, Persons, Families (ISAAR(CPF))
                  and would parallel the standard for encoding archival record finding aids that was
                  found in Encoded Archival Description (EAD). As EAD enabled the practical
                  expression of the General International Standard Archival Description (ISAD(G)),
                  the new standard would enable the expression of ISAAR(CPF). A parallel standard
                  would preserve and strengthen the essential duality that characterizes archival
                  description when it is presented in archival finding aids.</p>
               <p>A separate standard would pave the way to eliminating some practical problems
                  found in the use of EAD, which had been developed as a comprehensive solution for
                  encoding standalone finding aids—the dominant presentation model—which held all
                  forms of descriptive data about archival records. Since materials by or about a
                  single entity might be found in many fonds or many repositories, there is much
                  redundant effort in recording information about the same entity. In addition,
                  these duplicative efforts can result in great inconsistency, which bedevils both
                  users, in finding and interpreting materials, and archivists, in creating accurate
                  and complete references to such entities.</p>
               <p>Yale University hosted an international meeting in 1998. The meeting was organized
                  by Richard Szary and funded by the Digital Library Federation. The goals of the
                  meeting were to plan the funding and development of an encoding standard based on
                  ISAAR(CPF).</p>
               <p>In 2001, with financial assistance from the Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation, a
                  second international working group met in Toronto. This meeting produced the
                  Toronto Tenets, the principles that gave shape to the proposed standard. The group
                  also established goals for the standard, mapped out the broader parameters of the
                  Document Type Definition (DTD), and established a working group to create a fully
                  formed syntax. The DTD achieved its Beta distribution in 2004, beginning a long
                  testing phase as it was applied in several European and U.S. projects. Informed by
                  the results that emerged from this testbed, the Society of American Archivists'
                  Encoded Archival Context Working Group was formed in 2007 to carry this work
                  forward to the creation of a standard version, and expression in a schema and Tag
                  Library. With the support of the Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation, the IBC
                  (Instituto per I beni artistici culturali e naturali) of the Regione
                  Emilia-Romagna, the Archivio di Stato di Bologna, OCLC Research, and the National
                  Library of Australia, the EAC Working Group met for three days in Bologna, Italy
                  in May 2008 to lay the foundation of the existing EAC-CPF standard. On-going work
                  via electronic mail and conference calls continued the work started in Bologna. A
                  review period of the final draft was offered between August and November 2009, and
                  the completed schema was released in March 2010. The Working Group is indebted to
                  archivists, librarians and other information professionals throughout the
                  international community for their input, review, and testing of the schema during
                  its development phase. In 2011, the Working Group was disbanded and SAA Council
                  approved a charge to form the Technical Subcommittee for Encoded Archival Context
                  (TS-EAC). The Tag Library and, in collaboration with the Schema Development Team
                  (SDT), the EAC-CPF schema are currently maintained by the Technical
                  Subcommittee.</p>
               <p>Archival description includes information about the content, intellectual and
                  physical attributes of the archival material, as well as information about the
                  context of their creation and use. The contextual information of the creation and
                  use of material is often complex and multi-layered and may involve individuals,
                  families, organizations, societies, functions, activities, business processes,
                  geographic places, events, and other entities. Primary among these entities are
                  the corporate bodies, persons and families (CPF entities) responsible for the
                  creation or use of material, usually organizations or persons. With information
                  about these CPF entities, users can understand and interpret the records more
                  fully since they will know the context within which the CPF entities operated and
                  created and/or used the material. Information about these CPF entities can be used
                  either as a component within descriptive approaches that fully integrate
                  contextual information into descriptive products, as archives have traditionally
                  done, or as an independent system that is linked to other descriptive systems and
                  products that focus on content.</p>
               <p>Encoded Archival Context – Corporate Bodies, Persons, and Families (EAC-CPF)
                  primarily addresses the description of individuals, families and corporate bodies
                  that create, preserve, use, and are responsible for and/or associated with records
                  in a variety of ways. Over time, other types of contextual entities may evolve
                  under the larger EAC umbrella, but currently its primary purpose is to standardize
                  the encoding of descriptions about CPF entities to enable the sharing, discovery
                  and display of this information in an electronic environment. It supports the
                  linking of information about one CPF entities to other CPF entities to
                  show/discover the relationships amongst record-creating entities and the linking
                  to descriptions of records and other contextual entities.</p>
               <p>EAC-CPF is a communication structure for archival contextual information for
                  individuals, corporate bodies and families and thereby supports the exchange of
                  ISAAR(CPF) compliant authority records. ISAAR(CPF) "determines the types of
                  information that could be included in an archival authority record and provides
                  guidance on how such records may be deployed in an archival descriptive system."
                  ISAAR(CPF) also notes that "[s]uccessful automated exchange of archival authority
                  information over computer networks is dependent upon the adoption of a suitable
                  communication format by the repositories involved in the exchange. Encoded
                  Archival Context (EAC) is one such communication format which supports the
                  exchange of ISAAR(CPF) compliant archival authority data over the World Wide Web"
                  (ISAAR(CPF), 2004, p. 12). EAC-CPF provides a mechanism for enabling the full
                  expression of ISAAR(CPF), however it may also contain some additional elements or
                  technical content not contained within ISAAR(CPF).</p>
               <p>Based upon the Toronto Tenets, established in 2001, the following have informed
                  the development of the schema: <list>
                     <head>Definitions and Uses</head>
                     <item>Archival context information consists of information describing the
                        circumstances under which archival materials have been created, maintained
                        and used. This context includes, but is not limited to, the identification
                        and characteristics of corporate bodies, persons, and families (CPF
                        entities) who have been the creators, users, or subjects of records, as well
                        as the relationships amongst them.</item>
                     <item>Context information about CPF entities is not data that describes
                        other information resources, but rather data that describes entities that
                        are part of the environment in which those information resources (e.g.,
                        records) have existed.</item>
                     <item>The recording of context information about CPF entities in archival
                        information systems directly supports a more complete description and
                        understanding of records, as well as a provenance-based approach to
                        retrieval of these records across time and domains.</item>
                     <item>Context information about CPF entities can also have value as an
                        independent information resource, separate from its use in supporting the
                        description, retrieval, and interpretation of records.</item>
                     <item>This model is also intended to support the exchange and sharing of
                        context information about CPF entities, especially in those instances where
                        repositories have holdings or interests that have context information in
                        common.</item>
                  </list>
                  <list>
                     <head>Structure and Content</head>
                     <item>Each instance of context information about CPF entities describes a
                        single corporate body, person or family.</item>
                     <item>The model provides a framework within which the full range and
                        depth of context information about agents can be recorded but suggests a
                        minimum set of elements for describing an entity. The model defers
                        recommendations for the appropriate use of other elements toguidelines
                        developed for specific implementations.</item>
                     <item>The model defines a set of elements used to describe CPF entities
                        and the structure of relationships between those elements. This structure
                        supports the discovery, navigation and presentation of context information
                        about CPF entitiesand the linking of that information to descriptions of
                        resources or to other contextual entities, such as those encoded according
                        to EAD, MARC, and similar standards.</item>
                     <item>The model supports the linking of descriptions of contextual
                        entities to digital or other surrogate representations of those
                        entities.</item>
                  </list>
                  <list>
                     <head>Technical Issues</head>
                     <item>The model is expressed as an XML language to encourage platform
                        independence and portability of information. The model may also be
                        implemented using other approaches.</item>
                  </list>
               </p>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>EAC-CPF Concepts</head>
               <p>CPF Entities are complex. For example, one CPF entity can represent multiple
                  identities, or a single identity can be associated with several different CPF
                  entities. This fact necessitates the structure of a standard to account for the
                  various ways in which CPF entities can be expressed. In order to accommodate the
                  variety of CPF entities, EAC-CPF has adopted the following definitions:</p>
               <list>
                  <item>SINGLE IDENTITY: one person (or corporate body or family) with a single
                     identity represented in one EAC-CPF instance. This is the most common identity
                     type.</item>
                  <item>MULTIPLE IDENTITY-MANY IN ONE: two or more identities (including official
                     identities) with each represented by distinct descriptions within one EAC-CPF
                     instance. Can be programmatically converted into Multiple Identity-One in
                     Many.</item>
                  <item>MULTIPLE IDENTITY-ONE IN MANY: two or more identities (including official
                     identities) each represented in two or more interrelated EAC-CPF instances. Can
                     be programmatically converted into Multiple Identity-Many in One.</item>
                  <item>COLLABORATIVE IDENTITY: a single identity shared by two or more persons
                     (e.g. a shared pseudonym used in creation of a collaborative work). Use
                     Multiple Identity-One in Many.</item>
                  <item>ALTERNATIVE SET: derived EAC-CPF instance that is based on and incorporates
                     two or more alternative EAC-CPF instances for the same entity. To be used by a
                     consortia or a utility providing union access to authority records maintained
                     in two or more systems by two or more agencies. Alternative EAC-CPF instances
                     may be in different languages or in the same language.</item>
               </list>
               <p>EAC-CPF has been created to accommodate this variety of identities, and includes a
                  number of ways to express complexities based on individual repository or
                  aggregator preferences. These options reflect a design principle that underscores
                  increased opportunity for repositories or aggregators to customize the standard
                  for specific needs while at the same time ensuring future aggregation. These
                  flexibilities also reflect an acknowledgement that some fundamental philosophical
                  differences with regard to the processing of information related to separate
                  identities of the same CPF entity exist in the international community. EAC-CPF
                  maintains a neutral stance on those philosophical differences and instead has
                  accommodated the various options without precluding aggregation in the future.</p>
               <p>For purposes of this tag library, agents refer to repositories or services
                  creating or maintaining EAC-CPF records, while entities refer to those for which
                  the records are about.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>Glossary</head>
               <list>
                  <item>Agent: Within the framework of the EAC-CPF schema and Tag Library, agent
                     refers to a repository where records are managed or to individuals performing
                     maintenance activities in the repositories. For example, <tag>agent</tag> is an element of the EAC-CPF schema within <tag>maintenanceEvent</tag>.</item>
                  <item>CPF entity: A shortcut within the framework of this Tag Library to
                     generically designate the type of entities that are the object of a description
                     in an EAC-CPF instance. In other words, it stands for “the corporate body,
                     person or family being described in an EAC-CPF instance.”</item>
                  <item>Grouping: In the EAC-CPF Tag Library, the term “grouping” is used as a
                     specialized type of wrapper for those pluralized description elements, e.g.,
                        <tag>legalStatuses</tag>, <tag>functions</tag>,
                     etc.</item>
                  <item>Identity: Though most commonly individuals are known by their real name (the
                     name they were given at birth), it happens that, in the course of their life,
                     they might acquire names other than their real name. In cases where an
                     individual has separate lines of activity, each under a different name, it
                     might be of interest to distinguish between these names and consider them as
                     distinct identities. From the information management standpoint, according to
                     the policy of the repository, each of these distinct identities, though
                     belonging to the same physical person, might either be described separately in
                     distinct EAC-CPF instances (see EAC-CPF concepts, case of MULTIPLE IDENTITY –
                     ONE IN MANY) or might co-exist in one EAC-CPF instance (see EAC-CPF concepts,
                     case MULTIPLE IDENTITY – MANY IN ONE). Another case is that of a collaborative
                     identity where several individuals chose to make themselves publicly known
                     under a personal name (see EAC-CPF concepts, case COLLABORATIVE IDENTITY),
                     justifying their being described in one single EAC-CPF instance.</item>
                  <item>Resource: Materials, other than CPF entities and functions’ descriptions, to
                     which CPF instances are related.</item>
                  <item>Wrapper: In the EAC-CPF Tag Library, the term “wrapper” is used as a
                     descriptive function for elements that can contain other elements only, e.g.,
                        <tag>legalStatus</tag>, <tag>function</tag>, and
                        <tag>cpfDescription</tag>, etc.</item>
               </list>
               <p>The section “Availability” informs about the conditions of the occurrence of an
                  element within its parent element.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>Overview of EAC-CPF Structure and Semantics</head>
               <div>
                  <head>Introduction</head>
                  <p>Each EAC-CPF instance contains two mandatory elements, the <gi>control</gi> element and either the element <gi>cpfDescription</gi> or <gi>multipleIdentities</gi>. The <gi>control</gi> element contains data used in management of the
                     EAC-CPF instance by providing administrative metadata for the description it
                     contains. <tag>cpfDescription</tag> contains information on the
                     name structures, descriptive elements, and relationships. <gi>multipleIdentities</gi> is used when there is more than one <gi>cpfDescription</gi>. These two wrapper elements contain
                     specific elements to support the functional intentions of the parent or
                     containing element.</p>
                  <egXML xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/Examples">
                     <eac-cpf:eac-cpf>
                        <eac-cpf:control> [control elements] </eac-cpf:control>
                        <eac-cpf:cpfDescription> [description elements] </eac-cpf:cpfDescription>
                     </eac-cpf:eac-cpf>
                  </egXML>
                  <p>OR</p>
                  <egXML xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/Examples">
                     <eac-cpf:eac-cpf>
                        <eac-cpf:control> [control elements] </eac-cpf:control>
                        <eac-cpf:multipleIdentities>
                           <eac-cpf:cpfDescription> [description elements] </eac-cpf:cpfDescription>
                           <eac-cpf:cpfDescription> [description elements] </eac-cpf:cpfDescription>
                           <eac-cpf:cpfDescription> [description elements] </eac-cpf:cpfDescription>
                        </eac-cpf:multipleIdentities>
                     </eac-cpf:eac-cpf>
                  </egXML>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <gi>control</gi>
                  </head>
                  <p>The <gi>control</gi> element contains the following subelements;
                     they are presented in the prescribed order in the EAC-CPF schema:</p>
                  <list>
                     <item>
                        <gi>recordId</gi> - Required. Contains the one or more unique
                        identifiers for the EAC-CPF instance.</item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>otherRecordId</gi>-Optional.An element that allows the
                        recording of additional identifiers that may be associated with the EAC-CPF
                        instance. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>maintenanceStatus</gi> - Required. Contains the current
                        drafting status of the EAC-CPF instance. Values include: new, revised,
                        deleted, cancelled, deletedSplit, or deletedReplaced. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>publicationStatus</gi> - Optional.Contains information
                        about the editorial status of the EAC-CPF instance. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>maintenanceAgency</gi> -Required. Contains the name and
                        coded information about the institution or service responsible for the
                        creation, maintenance, and/or dissemination of the EAC-CPF instance. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>languageDeclaration</gi>-Optional.Contains coded and
                        natural language information about the language or languages of the EAC-CPF
                        instance. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>conventionDeclaration</gi>-Optional.Contains information on
                        the rules used to construct the EAC-CPF instance, in particular the names
                        formed in <gi>identity</gi> and the controlled vocabularies and
                        thesauri used in the EAC-CPF instance. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>localTypeDeclaration</gi>-Optional.An element used to
                        declare local conventions used in the @localType attribute. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>localControl</gi> - Optional. An element in which to record
                        any administrative metadata necessary due to local practice that are not
                        represented by the other elements in <gi>control</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>maintenanceHistory</gi> - Required. Contains information
                        about the date, type and events within the life cycle of an EAC-CPF
                        instance. Contains one or more <gi>maintenanceEvent</gi>
                        elements that document creating, importing, updating, and deletion of the
                        description. Each maintenance event contains an agent, the type of agent
                        (human or machine), the type of event, a description of the event, and the
                        date of the event. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>sources</gi>-Optional. Contains information about the
                        sources consulted in creating the description of the CPF entity or entities
                        in the EAC-CPF instance. Contains one or more <gi>source</gi>
                        element. </item>
                  </list>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <gi>cpfDescription</gi>
                  </head>
                  <p>The <gi>cpfDescription</gi>-Corporate body, person or family
                     description, comprises the description of the entity. Similar to the <gi>control</gi> element, <gi>cpfDescription</gi> has
                     four complex subelements used to describe different features of the entity:</p>
                  <list>
                     <item>
                        <gi>identity</gi> -Required. Complex structure containing the
                        name or names used by the CPF entity over the course of the entity’s
                        existence. Contains a repeatable <gi>nameEntry</gi> element for
                        different names, and a repeatable <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi>
                        element for more than one <gi>nameEntry</gi> expressed in
                        different languages. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>description</gi> -Optional. Contains formal description
                        elements parallel to those in ISAAR (CPF) for the description of the CPF
                        entity. An additional <gi>localDescription</gi> allows for
                        local implementation of additional descriptive information not included in
                        the other <gi>description</gi> elements. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>relations</gi> -Optional. Contains one or more references
                        to or descriptions of related corporate bodies, persons or families <gi>cpfRelation</gi>, functions <gi>functionRelation</gi>, or resources <gi>resourceRelation</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>alternativeSet</gi> -Optional. Contains two or more
                        descriptions for the same CPF entity derived from two or more systems,
                        expressed within a single EAC-CPF instance. The <gi>alternativeSet</gi> consists of two or more <gi>setComponent</gi> elements for the descriptions. </item>
                  </list>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <gi>identity</gi>
                  </head>
                  <p>The most complex element in the EAC-CPF schema is the <gi>identity</gi> element. In addition to needing to accommodate one or more
                     names used for or by the CPF entity, <gi>identity</gi> must
                     accommodate two or more parallel names in different languages and/or scripts.
                     In countries where there is more than one official language, such as Canada,
                     names of corporate bodies have more than one language. The <gi>identity</gi> contains a required <gi>entityType</gi> and one
                     or more <gi>nameEntry</gi> and/or <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> elements. It also includes an optional <gi>entityId</gi> and <gi>descriptiveNote</gi>. The
                        <gi>nameEntry</gi> element is constructed of one or more <gi>part</gi> elements and contains the attributes <att>scriptCode</att>, <att>xml:lang</att>, <att>transliteration</att>, and <att>localType</att> to
                     provide precision about the language and script of the names if desired. It
                     includes an optional <gi>useDates</gi> element to identify dates
                     of use of a name. <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi>, which is intended
                     for use when the same name is expressed in different languages, contains one or
                     more <gi>nameEntry</gi> elements and an optional <gi>useDates</gi> element. For example, within the context of the Archive of
                     Ontario, parallel French and English headings can be designated through two
                     parallel <gi>nameEntry</gi> elements, with the two different
                     headings being distinguished by the values in the <att>xml:lang</att>.</p>
                  <p>Within <gi>identity</gi>, names represented through <gi>nameEntry</gi> or <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> may
                     be selected as authorized or variant names. The <gi>authorizedForm</gi> and <gi>alternativeForm</gi> elements are
                     available within <gi>nameEntry</gi> and <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> elements to identify the status of the name
                     according to a particular set of rules. The content of the element is the
                     identification of those rules. Additionally, within <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi>, a single <gi>nameEntry</gi> may be
                     preferred over others. A <gi>preferredForm</gi> element is
                     available in that instance to identify the preferred form of the name according
                     to a particular set of rules. The content of the element identifies those
                     rules.</p>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <gi>description</gi>
                  </head>
                  <p>The <gi>description</gi> accommodates a variety of both controlled
                     and prose descriptions of CPF entities. The contained elements closely reflect
                     the descriptive categories outlined in ISAAR (CPF). Descriptive elements
                     generally have a singular and plural form, the latter being used for those
                     cases of multiple instances of a descriptive category or less formal prose
                     description. For example, <gi>function</gi> would be used for a
                     single function term, <gi>functions</gi> will bundle more than one
                     function descriptor or alternatively, it will allow a discursive description.
                     Most elements within <gi>description</gi> include an optional <gi>descriptiveNote</gi> element to provide explanatory text.
                     Elements for description include:</p>
                  <list>
                     <item>
                        <gi>existDates</gi> — Optional. Dates of existence of the CPF
                        entity being described. Can include actual or approximate dates, using
                        either <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, or <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>place</gi> — Optional. Includes relevant location
                        information, optionally paired with related date information. Includes
                        elements <gi>placeEntry</gi> and <gi>placeRole</gi> and the range of possibilities with date information: <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>localDescription</gi> — Optional. An element intended to
                        extend the descriptive categories available in a local system. Includes a
                           <gi>term</gi> element and the range of possibilities with
                        date information: <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>legalStatus</gi> — Optional. Includes the legal status of a
                        corporate body, typically defined by authorities and granted by either a
                        government or an authorized agency. Includes a <gi>term</gi>
                        element and the range of possibilities with date information: <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>function</gi> — Optional. Includes relevant functions,
                        processes, activities, tasks, or transactions performed by the CPF entity
                        being described. Includes a <gi>term</gi> element and the range
                        of possibilities with date information: <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>occupation</gi> — Optional. Includes relevant occupations
                        held by the CPF entity being described. Includes a <gi>term</gi> element and the range of possibilities with date information:
                           <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>mandate</gi> — Optional. Includes relevant mandates for
                        corporate bodies being described. Includes a <gi>term</gi>
                        element and the range of possibilities with date information: <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>structureOrGenealogy</gi> — Optional. Includes information
                        about the structure of a corporate body or the genealogy of a person or
                        family. Includes elements <gi>outline</gi>, <gi>list</gi>, and <gi>p</gi> to assist in structuring the
                        text. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>generalContext</gi> — Optional. Includes information about
                        the general social and cultural context of the entity being described.
                        Includes <gi>list</gi>, <gi>outline</gi>, <gi>p</gi> elements to assist in structuring the text. </item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>biogHist</gi> — Optional. Includes discursive text
                        providing biographical and/or historical information about the CPF entity
                        being described. Includes an <gi>abstract</gi> element for a
                        brief synopsis of the full content; a <gi>chronList</gi>
                        element allows for structured date, event and optional place information.
                        Includes <gi>list</gi>, <gi>outline</gi>, <gi>p</gi> elements to assist in structuring the text. </item>
                  </list>
                  <p> All elements in <gi>description</gi> provide a <att>localType</att> attribute to provide semantic specificity to the term being
                     used. With the exception of <gi>existDates</gi>, <gi>structureOrGenealogy</gi>, <gi>generalContext</gi>, and <gi>biogHist</gi>, plural form grouping elements are available to
                     bundle multiple occurrences of these elements. These grouping elements also
                     include elements <gi>citation</gi>, <gi>list</gi>,
                        <gi>outline</gi>, and <gi>p</gi> to accommodate
                     greater complexity in representing the description being created.</p>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <gi>relations</gi>
                  </head>
                  <p>One of the core design principles of EAC-CPF is to avoid describing
                     relationships in a linear fashion, but instead to leverage a distributed
                     descriptive environment.</p>
                  <p>As a component of archival description, the description of corporate bodies,
                     persons and families must be brought into relation with the other descriptive
                     components. Such CPF entity descriptions must be dynamically related to the
                     record descriptions for which they provide context, and the functions and
                     activities in which they engage and that the records document. With the
                     exception of unique relations, it is the nature of relations that they take
                     place among entities and not within them. Corporate bodies, persons and
                     families are related to other entities, to functions and activities, and to
                     records. Similarly, functions and activitiesare related to other functions and
                     activities, to creators, and to records; and records are related to other
                     records, to CPF entities, and to functions and activities. Each CPF entity,
                     record, or function/activity description can thus act as a node in a set of
                     relations.</p>
                  <p>Because relations occur between the descriptive nodes, they are most
                     efficiently created and maintained outside of each node. A person, for example,
                     can be related to one or more persons, organizations or families; to one or
                     more archival records, books, journals, and museum objects; and to various
                     functions and activities. Each of the related entities can be related to one or
                     more other entities. To record all of these relations in the description of
                     each node is inefficient, as correction of an error would require updating two
                     or more descriptions.</p>
                  <p>While maintaining relations independent of descriptions is efficient, when
                     communicating descriptions between systems or to users it will be necessary to
                     assemble or gather and represent the related descriptions using descriptive
                     surrogates. Each surrogate for a related description will optimally include
                     both human- and machine-readable information. The human-readable information
                     provides succinct descriptions of the related CPF entity, records, or
                     function/activity sufficient to enable identification and a relevancy judgment.
                     The machine-readable information supports a traversable link to the related
                     description.</p>
                  <p>There are three elements for describing relations with other descriptions
                     included in the <gi>relations</gi> element: <gi>cpfRelation</gi>, <gi>functionRelation</gi>, <gi>resourceRelation</gi>. Within each of these relations elements, there are
                        <gi>relationEntry</gi>, <gi>objectXMLWrap</gi>,
                        <gi>objectBinWrap</gi>, <gi>date</gi>, <gi>dateRange</gi>, <gi>dateSet</gi>, <gi>placeEntry</gi> and <gi>descriptiveNote</gi> elements.
                     Individual relations include the following optional attributes related to the
                     type of relation that is being described:</p>
                  <list>
                     <item>
                        <gi>cpfRelation</gi> — includes an attribute <att>cpfRelationType</att>; values are identity, hierarchical,
                        hierarchical-parent, hierarchical-child, temporal, temporal-earlier,
                        temporal-later, family, associative.</item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>functionRelation</gi> — includes an attribute <att>functionRelationType</att>; values are controls, owns,
                        performs.</item>
                     <item>
                        <gi>resourceRelation</gi> — includes an attribute <att>resourceRelationType</att>; values are creatorOf, subjectOf,
                        other.</item>
                  </list>
                  <p>Other attributes available for the relation elements include <att>lastDateTimeVerified</att>, and the suite of simple Xlink attributes.</p>
                  <p>There are two principal rationales behind the simple typing of relations.
                     First, there is general interest in enabling coherent expression and navigation
                     of relations as well as creation of graphic displays of organizational charts,
                     family trees, and time lines. The simple relationships are an experimental
                     attempt to provide the data necessary to construct such displays. At this
                     point, there has been no attempt to test the utility of the structures with
                     graphic displays. Second, basic information about the nature of relations is
                     necessary in order to make the relationship intelligible to users. Given
                     cultural and institutional differences, the number of possible relation types
                     is, in principle, unlimited. EAC-CPF designers decided, though, that to achieve
                     a minimum level of functionality there needed to be consensus on a set of basic
                     or primitive relation types.</p>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>Integrating XLink into EAC-CPF </head>
                  <p>The EAC-CPF schema includes support for linking to external resources using a
                     limited subset of the xlink standard, which is defined at <ref>http://www.w3.org/TR/xlink/</ref>. The
                     xlink attributes can be used to create and describe links between resources. In
                     particular they can be used to reference a richer set of relationships than
                     those that are supported by @cpfRelationType, @functionRelationType, and
                     @resourceRelationtype. The xlink attributes are available on the following
                     elements: <gi>citation</gi>, <gi>cpfRelation</gi>,
                        <gi>functionRelation</gi>, <gi>resourceRelation</gi>, <gi>setComponent</gi>, and <gi>source</gi>.</p>
                  <p>A more complete description of these attributes is provided in the attributes
                     section of the tag library, but the following information is intended to
                     summarize how they might be used in conjunction with each other.</p>
                  <list>
                     <head>Xlink Type Attribute</head>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:type</att> — This attribute is required if any of
                        the other xlink attributes are used on the parent element. It takes the
                        fixed value of 'simple' since EAC-CPF's implementation of xlink only
                        supports outbound links to one resource. If multiple outbound links are
                        required, each link should be represented in a new parent element.</item>
                  </list>
                  <list>
                     <head>Locator Attribute</head>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:href</att> — This optional attribute may be used to
                        provide the location of the resource that is being linked to. The link must
                        be a valid URI.</item>
                  </list>
                  <list>
                     <head>Semantic Attributes</head>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:arcrole</att> — This optional attribute may be used
                        on <gi>cpfRelation</gi>, <gi>functionRelation</gi>, and <gi>resourceRelation</gi> to
                        provide a precise description of the relationship between the CPF entity
                        described in the EAC-CPF instance and the description to which it is linked.
                        When used on <gi>citation</gi>, <gi>setComponent</gi>, and<gi>source</gi>, it provides an
                        explicit and perhaps more precise description of the relationship that is
                        implied by the context of use. The value must be a valid URI.</item>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:role</att> — This optional attribute is used to
                        provide a reference to the nature of the linked remote resource. It
                        specifically provides a means to specify the nature of a linked resource in
                           <gi>resourceRelation</gi>, as described in ISAAR (CPF) 6.2.
                        The value provided must be a valid URI.</item>
                  </list>
                  <list>
                     <head>Link Behavior Attributes </head>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:actuate</att> — This optional attribute may be used
                        in conjunction with xlink: show to instruct an external application as to
                        the circumstances under which the linked resource should be resolved. For
                        example, an application can be instructed to load the resource when the
                        parent xml document is loaded or only when the page is requested by a user
                        or application.</item>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:show</att> — This optional attribute may be used in
                        conjunction with xlink:actuate to instruct an external application as to the
                        manner in which the linked resource should be shown to the user when it is
                        resolved. For example, the application can be instructed to replace the
                        current xml document when loading the resource or to load it in a new window
                        or tab.</item>
                     <item>
                        <att>xlink:title</att> — This optional attribute may be used to
                        provide a caption or title that an external system or application may use
                        when presenting a link to the user.</item>
                  </list>
                  <p>Implementers of EAC-CPF will need to provide for the full implementation of the
                     xlink attributes using server-side instructions. One implementation example,
                     demonstrating the intended effects of xlink usage, is provided at <ref>http://www.snee.com/xml/xlink/sxlinkdemo.xml</ref>.</p>
                  <p>The following excerpt provides one example of how xlink might be implemented in
                     reference to an external vocabulary, to indicate that the information at the
                     related URL describes the spouse of the person described in the EAC-CPF
                     record:</p>
                  <eg:egXML xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/Examples">
                     <eac-cpf:cpfRelation>
                        <eac-cpf:relationEntry>Gregory, John Milton</eac-cpf:relationEntry>
                        <eac-cpf:descriptiveNote>
                           <eac-cpf:p>John Milton Gregory was the husband of Louisa Allen
                              Gregory.</eac-cpf:p>
                        </eac-cpf:descriptiveNote>
                     </eac-cpf:cpfRelation>
                     <eac-cpf:resourceRelation>
                        <eac-cpf:relationEntry>Collezione Fortunato Depero (Polo culturale e
                           Galleria Museum Depero, Roverto</eac-cpf:relationEntry>
                        <eac-cpf:descriptiveNote>
                           <eac-cpf:p>ITA MART, Collezione Depero, Collezione d'arte, 1919-1959,
                              Creatore della collezione, </eac-cpf:p>
                        </eac-cpf:descriptiveNote>
                     </eac-cpf:resourceRelation>
                  </eg:egXML>
                  <p>The vocabulary at purl.org referenced above is not intended to be normative and
                     is provided for illustrative purposes only. Over time it is hoped that
                     communities will develop and maintain controlled vocabularies to describe the
                     nature of the relationships to the people, families, corporate bodies,
                     resources, and functions that are described in the <gi>cpfRelation</gi>, <gi>resourceRelation</gi>, and <gi>functionRelation</gi> elements. Such vocabularies could be
                     maintained locally, nationally, or even internationally, perhaps as a
                     continuation of the work of the Technical Subcommittee – Encoded Archival
                     Context (TS-EAC).</p>
               </div>
               <div>
                  <head>
                     <att>localType</att>
                  </head>
                  <p>As an international effort, the designers of EAC-CPF are attempting to agree on
                     as much as possible while accommodating cultural and institutional differences.
                     The semantics and structure described above represents the current semantic and
                     structural consensus and is tied closely to ISAAR(CPF).</p>
                  <p>In addition to the element <gi>localDescription</gi>, described
                     above, many elements may also be qualified with <att>localType</att>. This attribute is intended to enable EAC-CPF to be adapted
                     for use in national, regional, and local environments where semantics more
                     specific than those provided in EAC-CPF may be necessary, or where descriptive
                     categories not specifically addressed in EAC-CPF are necessary.</p>
               </div>
            </div>
         </div>
      </front>
      <body>
         <div>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="abbreviation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Abbreviation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="abstract"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Abstract</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="address" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Address</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="addressLine"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Address Line</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="agencyCode"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Agency Code</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="agencyName"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Agency Name</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="agent" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Agent</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="agentType"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Agent Type</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="alternativeForm"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Alternative Form</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="alternativeSet"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Alternative Set</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="authorizedForm"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Authorized Form</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="biogHist"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Biography or History</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="chronItem"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Chronology List Item</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="chronList"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Chronology List</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="citation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Citation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="componentEntry"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Component Entry</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="control" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Control</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="conventionDeclaration"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Convention Declaration</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="cpfDescription"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Corporate Body, Person, or Family Description</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="cpfRelation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Corporate Body, Person, or Family Relation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="date" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Date</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="dateRange"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Date Range</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="dateSet" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Date Set</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="description"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Description</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="descriptiveNote"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Descriptive Note</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="eac-cpf" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Encoded Archival Context - Corporate Bodies, Persons, and
                     Families</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>

            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="entityId"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Entity Identifier</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="entityType"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Entity Type</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="event" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Event</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="eventDateTime"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Event Date and Time</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="eventDesccription"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Event Description</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="eventType"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Event Type</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="existDates"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Dates of Existence</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="fromDate"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>From Date</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="function"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Function</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="functionRelation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Function Relation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="functions"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Functions</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="generalContext"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>General Context</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="identity"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Identity</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="item" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Item</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="language"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Language</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="languageDeclaration"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Language Declaration</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="languagesUsed"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Languages Used</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="languageUsed"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Language Used</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="legalStatus"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Legal Status</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="legalStatuses"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Legal Statuses</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="level" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Level</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="list" module="EAC">
               <gloss>List</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="localControl"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Local Control</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="localDescription"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Local Description</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="localDescriptions"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Local Descriptions</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="localTypeDeclaration"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Local Type Declaration</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="maintenanceAgency"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Agency</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="maintenanceEvent"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Event</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="maintenanceHistory"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance History</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="maintenanceStatus"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Maintenance Status</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="mandate" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Mandate</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="mandates"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Mandates</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="multipleIdentities"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Multiple Identities</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="nameEntry"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Name Entry</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="nameEntryParallel"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Name Entry Parallel</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="objectBinWrap"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Object Bin Wrap</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="objectXMLWrap"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Object XML Wrap</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="occupation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Occupation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="occupations"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Occupations</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="otherAgencyCode"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Other Agency Code</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="otherRecordId"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Other Record Identifier</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="outline" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Outline</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="p" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Paragraph</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="part" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Part</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="place" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Place</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="placeEntry"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Place Entry</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="placeRole"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Place Role</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="places" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Places</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="preferredForm"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Preferred Form of Name</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="publicationStatus"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Publication Status</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="recordId"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Record Identifier</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="relationEntry"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Relation Entry</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="relations"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Relations</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="resourceRelation"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Resource Relation</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="script" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Script</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="setComponent"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Set Component</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="source" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Source</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="sourceEntry"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Source Entry</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="sources" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Sources</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="span" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Span</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="structureOrGenealogy"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Structure or Genealogy</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="term" module="EAC">
               <gloss>Term</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude" ident="toDate" module="EAC">
               <gloss>To Date</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
            <elementSpec xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude"
                         ident="useDates"
                         module="EAC">
               <gloss>Date of Use</gloss>
               <desc/>
               <remarks/>
            </elementSpec>
         </div>
         <div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>accuracy</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Accuracy</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The accuracy specification for a place statement.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Within the placeEntry element, this attribute allows for
                     an accuracy specification.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>string</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>altitude</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Altitude</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The altitude or elevation of the geographic place.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The altitude may occur on place.
                     The value of the attribute is the altitude or elevation of the geographic place
                     named. altitude should be used in conjunction with longitude and latitude.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>countryCode</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Country Code</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Two letter ISO 3166-1 standard code representing a country.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The countryCode may occur on placeEntry or address. The countryCode attribute may be used to provide the ISO 3166-1 standard
                     code designating a country. The values are to be taken from the list of ISO
                     3166-1 Codes for the Representation of Names of Countries, which can be
                     downloaded from the website of ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency
                     http://www.iso.org/iso/country_codes/iso_3166_code_lists.htm</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>ISO 3166-1 Codes for the Representation of Names of Countries, column A2.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>cpfRelationType</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Corporate Body, Person, or Family Relation Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The type of relation that the corporate body, person, or family
                     has to the entity being described.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The cpfRelationType may occur on cpfRelation. The value designates the type of relation that a
                     corporate body, person, or family has to the entity being described in the
                     EAC-CPF instance. If the nature of the relation is more specific than one of
                     the values given below, the Xlink attributes can be used in addition to cpfRelationType.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>"identity" or "hierarchical" or "hierarchical-parent" or "hierarchical-child"
                     or "temporal" or "temporal-earlier" or "temporal-later" or "family" or
                     "associative"</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>functionRelationType</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Function Relation Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The type of relation that the entity being described has to the
                     related function.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The functionRelationType may occur on functionRelation. The value designates the type of relation that the
                     entity being described has to the related function. If the type of relation is
                     more specific than one of the values given below, Xlink attributes may be used
                     in addition to functionRelationType.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>"controls" or "owns" or "performs"</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>identityType</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Identity Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Indicates whether the identity is given or acquired. May be
                     useful for processing when multiple identities are described in the same
                     instance.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The identityType may occur on identity. Though optional, it is recommended that it be used when
                     multiple identities are described in the same EAC-CPF instance using multipleIdentities. It will enable processors to
                     distinguish between the description of a person and one or more personae. </remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>"given" or "acquired"</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>languageCode</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Language Code</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Three-letter ISO 639-2 language code. Must occur on language.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The languageCode must occur on language. The Language Code is used to provide the ISO 639-2 standard
                     code representing the language of the EAC-CPF instance. The values are to be
                     taken from the list of ISO 639-2 Codes for the representation of Names of
                     Languages, which can be downloaded from the website of the Library of Congress
                     which is the registration agency of the standard
                     (http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/langhome.html).</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>ISO 639-2 Codes for the Representation of Names of Languages</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>lastDateTimeVerified</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Last Date and Time Verified</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Last date or date and time the linked resource was verified.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The lastDateTimeVerified may occur on citation, cpfRelation, functionRelation, resourceRelation, setComponent, or term. The value of
                     the attribute provides the last date or last date and time when a related (or
                     linked) object was verified. Verification may include link resolution as well
                     as verification of the version of the linked object.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>Union of the XML Schema Datatypes date, gYear, gYearMonth, and dateTime. The
                     following are all valid patterns: 2009-12-31, 2009, 2009-12,
                     2009-12-31T23:59:59.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>latitude</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Latitude</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The geographic latitude of the place.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The latitude may occur on placeEntry. The value of the attribute is the geographic latitude of
                     the place named. latitude should be used in conjunction
                     with longitude and altitude.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>localType</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Local Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Used to make the semantics of the element more specific or to
                     provide semantic specificity to elements that are semantically weak. Value
                     should be an absolute URI.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The localType is broadly available on many descriptive
                     and a few control elements. It is intended to provide a means to narrow the
                     semantics of some elements or provide semantics for elements that are primarily
                     structural or that are semantically weak. The value of the localType must conform to W3C Schema Part 2: Datatypes, anyURI. To
                     facilitate exchange of EAC-CPF instances, it is highly recommend that the URI
                     be absolute and resolvable to a local resource that describes the semantic
                     scope and use of the value.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>anyURI</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>longitude</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Longitude</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The longitude of the place.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The longitude may occur on place.
                     The value of the attribute is the geographic longitude of the place named. longitude should be used in conjunction with latitude and altitude.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>notAfter</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Not After</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The latest date possible for an uncertain date.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The notAfter may occur on date,
                        fromDate, and toDate. For
                     uncertain dates, used in conjunction with standardDate,
                     the value of notAfter is the latest date possible. See
                     also notBefore.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>Union of the XML Schema Datatypes date, gYear, and gYearMonth. The following
                     are all valid patterns: 2009-12-31, 2009, 2009-12.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>notBefore</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Not Before</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The earliest date possible for an uncertain date.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The notBefore may occur on date,
                        fromDate, and toDate. For
                     uncertain dates, used in conjunction with standardDate,
                     the value of notBefore is the earliest date possible.
                     See also notAfter.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>Union of the XML Schema Datatypes date, gYear, and gYearMonth. The following
                     are all valid patterns: 2009-12-31, 2009, 2009-12.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>resourceRelationType</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Resource Relation Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The type of relation of entity being described to the
                     resource.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The resourceRelationType may occur on resourceRelation. The value designates the type of relation that the
                     entity described in the EAC-CPF instance has to the resource. If the nature of
                     the relation is more specific than one of the available values, the Xlink
                     attributes may be used in addition to resourceRelationType.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>"creatorOf" or "subjectOf" or "other"</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>scriptCode</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Script Code</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The ISO 15924 four-letter code for the writing script used.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A standard four-letter code for the writing script used with a given language.
                     The scriptCode attribute is required for the script element, and is available on other elements where
                     language designations may be used.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>ISO 15924 Code for the Representation of Names and Scripts</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>standardDate</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Standard Date</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The date represented in a standard form for computer
                     processing.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The standardDate may occur on date, fromDate, and toDate. The value of standardDate provides a
                     standard form of the date expressed in date, fromDate, or toDate that can be used
                     in computer processing, such as searching.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>Union of the XML Schema Datatypes date, gYear, and gYearMonth. The following
                     are all valid patterns: 2009-12-31, 2009, 2009-12.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>standardDateTime</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Standard Date and Time</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The date or date and time represented in a standard form for
                     computer processing.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The standardDateTime may occur on eventDateTime. The value of standardDateTime
                     provides a standard form of the date or date and time expressed in the eventDateTime that can be used in computer processing. For
                     example, using both the value in eventType and standardDateTime, all EAC-CPF instances "revised" on a
                     particular date can be identified.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>Union of the XML Schema Datatypes date, gYear, gYearMonth, and dateTime. The
                     following are all valid patterns: 2009-12-31, 2009, 2009-12,
                     2009-12-31T23:59:59.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>style</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Style</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Used to specify a rendering style for string. It is recommended
                     that the value conforms to W3C CSS.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The style may occur on span. In a
                     limited number of contexts that accommodate discursive description, span with style may be used to
                     identify an arbitrary string that is intended to be rendered in a specific
                     style. It is highly recommended that the value of style
                     be expressed as a W3C CSS style to facilitate interoperability.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>string</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>transliteration</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Transliteration</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A value designating the transliteration scheme used in
                     representing converting one script into another script.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The conventions or rules that prescribe a method for converting one script into
                     another script.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>vocabularySource</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Source of Vocabulary</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A value designating the source of the vocabulary from which
                     terms are derived.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The controlled vocabulary used to derive terms for the term, placeEntry, and placeRole elements. Controlled vocabularies should be declared in the
                        conventionDeclaration element within control.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>anyURI</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:actuate</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Actuate</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Used to signal intended behavior with respect to whether the
                     remote resource link is resolved when the containing resource is rendered, or
                     when the user requests the resource.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The xlink:actuate should be used with the xlink:show to indicate intended behavior. The xlink:actuate is used to signal intended behavior with
                     respect to when the remote resource is to appear. The values indicate whether
                     the resource is to appear automatically when the containing resource is
                     rendered ("onLoad"), or only after the user requests the resource
                     ("onRequest"). "None" or "other" are also valid values.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>"onLoad" or "onRequest" or "other" or "none"</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:arcrole</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Arc role</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">URI defining the purpose of the link.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">An absolute URI that describes the nature of the relation between the entity
                     being described in the EAC-CPF instance and a remote resource (cpfRelation, resourceRelation, or functionRelation) or the nature of the relation between
                     the EAC-CPF instance description (or component of description) and the remote
                     resource (citation, setComponent,
                        andsource). The value of the attribute should indicate
                     the direction of the relation. It is recommended that the direction of the
                     relation be from local resource to remote resource.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>string</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:href</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: HREF</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Contains a URI, possibly relative, pointing to the related
                     resource</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The address for a remote resource. The xlink:href takes
                     the form of a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI). While it is permissible to use
                     a relative URI, and an absolute URI is recommended.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>anyURI</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:role</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Role</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Identifies the type or nature of the remote resource with an
                     absolute URI.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Identifies the type or nature of the remote resource with an absolute URI. </remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>string</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:show</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Show</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Used to signal intended behavior with respect to where the
                     remote resource is to appear when the link is resolved.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The xlink:show should be used with the xlink:actuate to indicate intended behavior. The xlink:show is used to signal intended behavior with
                     respect to where the remote resource is to appear when the link is resolved.
                     The values indicate whether the resource is to appear embedded at the point of
                     the link ("embed"), replace the resource in which it appears ("replace"), or in
                     a new window ("new"). "None" or "other" are also valid values.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>"embed" or "new" or "replace" or "none" or "other"</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:title</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Title</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Information that may be used as a viewable caption for the
                     remote resource.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Information that serves as a viewable caption that indicates the name or type
                     of the linked remote source.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>string</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xlink:type</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Xlink: Type</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A fixed value that identifies an XLINK compliant element of a
                     particular type.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A fixed value that identifies an XLINK compliant element of a particular type.
                     Only one XLINK type is used in EAC-CPF, "simple." While the attribute is
                     optional in instances validated against the W3C Schema version of EAC-CPF, the
                     Relax NG version of EAC-CPF requires it. To support exchange of EAC-CPF
                     instances, it is recommended that the xlink:type be
                     present in the instance whenever any of the other XLINK attributes are
                     used.</remarks>
               <div>
                  <p>Fixed value: "simple"</p>
               </div>
            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xml:base</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">XML Base</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Used to specify a base URI other than the base URI of the
                     EAC-CPF instance.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">
                     xml:base is used to specify the base URI other than the
                     base URI of the EAC-CPF instance, for the purpose of resolving any relative
                     URIs used with elements that contain one or more descendants that use an
                     attribute of type anyURI. xml:base makes it possible to
                     declare an absolute base URI to facilitate the use of relative URIs on the
                     descendants.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>
            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xml:id</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">XML Identifier</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">A unique identifier available on most elements that can be used
                     to name specific elements in the EAC-CPF instance.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">An identifier used to name the element so that it can be referred to, or
                     referenced from, somewhere else. Each xml:id within a
                     document must have a unique value. The xml:id attribute
                     regularizes the naming of the element and thus facilitates building links
                     between it and other resources. For example, the xml:id
                     may be used to uniquely identify two or more cpfDescription within multipleIdentities.
                     Uniquely identifying or distinguishing two or more cpfDescription may be essential or useful in maintenance environments
                     when relating resources, functions, or corporate bodies, persons, or families
                     to one among two or more identities represented in one EAC-CPF instance.</remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>NMTOKEN</p>
               </div>

            </div>

            <div>
               <head>
                  <att>xml:lang</att>
               </head>
               <gloss xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">XML Language</gloss>
               <desc xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">Two-letter language code from the IANA registry as dictated by
                     the W3C specification.</desc>
               <remarks xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2005/Xinclude">The xml:lang may occur on any element intended to
                     contain natural language content whenever information about the language of the
                     content of this element and its children are needed. xml:lang should be used when the language of the element differs from
                     the Language Code declared in the languageCode
                     attribute on the element language within the control element. The values in the list are taken from the
                     IANA Registry (http://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry). The
                     use of the IANA Registry code for languages in this context is outlined in the
                     W3C specification. The syntax is specified at:
                     http://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/. </remarks>

               <div>
                  <p>IANA Registry for language codes.</p>
               </div>

            </div>
         </div>
      </body>
      <back>
         <div>
            <head>ISAAR(CPF) Crosswalk</head>
            <list>
               <label>ISAAR (CPF)</label>
               <item>EAC-CPF</item>
               <label>5.1 Identity area</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>identity</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.1 Type of entity</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>entityType</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.2 Authorized form(s) of name</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>nameEntry</gi> or <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> with
                     <gi>authorizedForm</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.3 Parallel forms of name</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.4 Standardized forms of name according to other rules</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>nameEntry</gi> or <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> with
                     <gi>authorizedForm</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.5 Other forms of name</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>nameEntry</gi> or <gi>nameEntryParallel</gi> with
                     <gi>alternativeForm</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.1.6 Identifiers for corporate bodies</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>entityId</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2 Description area</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>description</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.1 Dates of existence</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>existDates</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.2 History</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>biogHist</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.3 Places</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>place</gi> or <gi>places</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.4 Legal status</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>legalStatus</gi> or <gi>legalStatuses</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.5 Functions, occupations and activities</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>function</gi> or <gi>functions</gi>, <gi>occupation</gi> or <gi>occupations</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.6 Mandates/Sources of authority</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>mandate</gi> or <gi>mandates</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.7 Internal structures/Genealogy</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>structureOrGenealogy</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.2.8 General context</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>generalContext</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.3 Relationships area</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>cpfRelation</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.3.1 Names/Identifiers of related corporate bodies, persons or
                  families</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>cpfRelation</gi>/<gi>objectXMLWrap</gi> or <gi>objectBinWrap</gi> or <gi>relationEntry</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.3.2 Category of relationship</label>
               <item>
                  <tag>cpfRelation cpfRelationType="[value]"</tag>
               </item>
               <label>5.3.3 Description of relationship</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>cpfRelation</gi>/<gi>objectXMLWrap</gi> or <gi>objectBinWrap</gi> or <gi>relationEntry</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.3.4 Dates of the relationship</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>cpfRelation</gi>/<gi>date</gi> or <gi>dateRange</gi> or <gi>dateSet</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4 Control area</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>control</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.1 Authority record identifier</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>recordId</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.2 Institution identifiers</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>maintenanceAgency</gi>/<gi>agencyCode</gi> and/or
                     <gi>agencyName</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.3 Rules and/or conventions</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>conventionDeclaration</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.4 Status</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>maintenanceStatus</gi> and <gi>publicationStatus</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.5 Level of detail</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>localControl</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.6 Dates of creation, revision or deletion</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>maintenanceEvent</gi>/<gi>eventDateTime</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.7 Languages and scripts</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>languageDeclaration</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.8 Sources</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>sources</gi>
               </item>
               <label>5.4.9 Maintenance notes</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>maintenanceEvent</gi>/<gi>agent</gi>, <gi>agentType</gi>, <gi>eventDescription</gi> and <gi>eventType</gi>
               </item>
               <label>6. Relating corporate bodies, persons, and families to archival materials and
                  other resources</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>resourceRelation</gi>
               </item>
               <label>6.1 Identifiers and titles of related resources</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>resourceRelation</gi>/<gi>objectXMLWrap</gi> or <gi>objectBinWrap</gi> or <gi>relationEntry</gi>
               </item>
               <label>6.2 Types of related resources</label>
               <item>
                  <tag>resourceRelation xlink:role="[value]"</tag>
               </item>
               <label>6.3 Nature of relationships</label>
               <item>
                  <tag>resourceRelation resourceRelationType="[value]"</tag>
               </item>
               <label>6.4 Dates of related resources and/or relationships</label>
               <item>
                  <gi>resourceRelation</gi>/<gi>date</gi> or <gi>dateRange</gi> or <gi>dateSet</gi>
               </item>
            </list>
         </div>
      </back>
   </text>
</TEI>
